I know there's things you cannot tell me
but also know there's a story here I
think everybody will hear about do you
think your paper has the resources to
take that on I do do you the Boston
priest molested kids in six different
parishes over the last thirty years the
church found out about it and did
nothing we haven't committed any
long-term investigative resources to the
case no we haven't and that's the kind
of thing you're a team with to spotlight
guys listen everybody's gonna be
interested in this obviously the church
will fight us very hard trying to get
some background information I don't you
recording this in any way shape or form
of nothing we understand you've settled
several cases against the church I can't
discuss that there aren't any records of
any of these settlements nope when
you're a poor kid from a poor family I'm
gonna priest pays attention to you it's
a big deal how do you say no to God it's
not like that why you think you've got
something I want to keep digging we need
to focus on the institution show me that
came from the top down don't try to
silence anyone who speaks up leave me
alone you hear me God Danny 60% act out
sexually 6% is 90 90 priests if there
were 90 of these best people would know
maybe they do you're going to give me
the names and the names of their victims
are you threatening me I was doing my
job yeah you never more knows I am here
because I care we're gonna tell this
story we're gonna tell it right
I'm hoping we can keep this between us
until we all get on the same page is
that why we're here to get on the same
page we've got two stories hear a story
about degenerate clergy and a story
about a bunch of lawyers turning child
abuse into a cottage industry which
story do you want us to write because
we're right in one
I'm not crazy to control of it this is
not just Boston so whole country's a
whole world
and they let it happen they could have
been you it could have been me it could
have been any of us
you